My guess is that Bitcoin will probably
spend the rest of the year below sort of
the quote-unquote fair value price. That
would just be my speculation simply
because, you know, midterm years aren't
necessarily the best for crypto. And,
you know, obviously no one exactly knows
where the bottom is.
Um June is certainly a candidate month
for at least a local low. Uh and I want
to just take it one step at a time. But,
I do think that we'll likely still spend
the rest of this year below that sort of
that fair value logarithmic regression
trend line, which as always is a
monotonically increasing function.
And then hopefully next year, um maybe
the year after, hopefully we're back in
in business.
But, you know, we've we've actually been
mostly below
that sort of fair value line for a
number of years now. And I think a lot
of it has to do with how the macro
evolved. Monetary policy got a lot
tighter, you know, inflation was a
concern.